Changed non-units to follow the UCUM standard and OTel convention (#53398)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/metrics-instrumentation.md

Name                                                       Current Value
[HatCo.Store]
    hatco.store.hats_sold ({hat})                                 40
```

dotnet-counters doesn't currently use the description text in the UI, but it does show the unit when it is provided. In this case, you see "{hat}"
has replaced the generic term "Count" that is visible in previous descriptions.

### Best practices

- .NET APIs allow any string to be used as the unit, but we recommend using [UCUM](https://ucum.org/), an international standard for unit names. The curly

> braces around "{hat}" is part of the UCUM standard, indicating that it is a descriptive annotation rather than a unit name with a standardized meaning like seconds or bytes. See also [Metrics semantic conventions - Instrument units](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/general/metrics/#instrument-units).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
braces around "{hat}" is part of the UCUM standard, indicating that it is a descriptive annotation rather than a unit name with a standardized meaning like seconds or bytes. For more information, see [Metrics semantic conventions - Instrument units](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/general/metrics/#instrument-units).
```
